refactor(proxy): rely on auth header instead (#9422)
discordjs/discord.js: packages/proxy-container/README.md

});
```

> **Do note that you should not use the proxy with multiple bots. We cannot guarantee you won't hit rate limits.

Reviewer: This could be clarified that there's no problem using [multiple] proxies for multiple bots, but rather that there is when the same proxy is reused for multiple bots.
```suggestion
**Do note that you should not use the same proxy with multiple bots. We cannot guarantee you won't hit rate limits.
```

> Webhooks or things that don't include the Authorization header are okay, though!**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Webhooks with tokens or other requests that don't include the Authorization header are okay, though!**
```
